README.md, before:

# Packages to note

- conda install -c conda-forge librosa

# Python Version
I shouldddd do python 3.9 if dependencies allow it
python = 3.10

# Notes for General Set up
Conda should install as many packages as it can on its own (at once/in one command), only then should pip be used. If more conda packages are needed after already using pip then it's best to remake the conda environment.

So an environment.yaml should be made for conda. And, if necessary, a requirements.txt should be made for the python packages (Yes you can add wildcard characters for the package's versions).

# Links for General Set up
**To preview markdown files without downloading any extensions.**</br>
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/73049432/how-can-i-open-a-md-file-in-vs-code-preview-mode-from-terminal

**!!! How can we use pyproject.toml with conda?**
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/76722680/what-is-the-best-way-to-combine-conda-with-standard-python-packaging-tools-e-g

# Notes about command line
**Argsparse is the command line tool used for python (Ex: pip install -r requirements.txt | What does "-r" mean in this context. That's argsparse)**</br>
https://docs.python.org/3/library/argparse.html

# Notes about pyproject.toml
So pyproject.toml in this context should be used for metadata and equivalently to requirements.txt. It really shines when using python package and project managers (handles virtual environments), but we're already using conda.

**Must read for implementation** <br/>
- https://pydevtools.com/handbook/explanation/pyproject-vs-requirements/

**About versioning**
- https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/discussions/versioning/

# Notes that may or may not be used
**Requirement.txt files** <br/>
https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/user_guide/#requirements-files

**pyproject.toml dependencies/requirement equivalent (requirements.txt )explanation** <br/>
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/62408719/download-dependencies-declared-in-pyproject-toml-using-pip

So requrement.txt files are for concrete dependencies; meaning exactly which package and what version. Ex: python == 3.10

pyproject.toml is for abtract dependencies; meaning it uses version specifiers to allow for different versions to be used. Ex: python > 3.9

**Conda vs Pip** <br/>
https://www.anaconda.com/blog/understanding-conda-and-pip

**For uv (ultraviolet/better pip)**<br/>
I advise against using uv because it creates venv environments and adds uneeded complexity if you're already using conda. Conda is a MUST for this project.
- https://pydevtools.com/handbook/reference/uv/
- https://medium.com/@datagumshoe/using-uv-and-conda-together-effectively-a-fast-flexible-workflow-d046aff622f0

Commit message:

Updated README with correct installation for librosa and sounddevice

README.md, after:

# Packages to note

conda create --name capstoneExperimentation python=3.9 

Note that I am on Windows rn
- python -m pip install sounddevice
- pip install librosa


# Python Version
python = 3.9

# Notes for General Set up
Conda should install as many packages as it can on its own (at once/in one command), only then should pip be used. If more conda packages are needed after already using pip then it's best to remake the conda environment.

So an environment.yaml should be made for conda. And, if necessary, a requirements.txt should be made for the python packages (Yes you can add wildcard characters for the package's versions).

sounddevice must be installed with pip. Same with librosa

# Links for General Set up

### For sounddevice (causes so many issues)
https://github.com/pyinstaller/pyinstaller/issues/7065

**To preview markdown files without downloading any extensions.**</br>
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/73049432/how-can-i-open-a-md-file-in-vs-code-preview-mode-from-terminal

**!!! How can we use pyproject.toml with conda?**
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/76722680/what-is-the-best-way-to-combine-conda-with-standard-python-packaging-tools-e-g

# Notes about command line
**Argsparse is the command line tool used for python (Ex: pip install -r requirements.txt | What does "-r" mean in this context. That's argsparse)**</br>
https://docs.python.org/3/library/argparse.html

# Notes about pyproject.toml
So pyproject.toml in this context should be used for metadata and equivalently to requirements.txt. It really shines when using python package and project managers (handles virtual environments), but we're already using conda.

**Must read for implementation** <br/>
- https://pydevtools.com/handbook/explanation/pyproject-vs-requirements/

**About versioning**
- https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/discussions/versioning/

# Notes that may or may not be used
**Requirement.txt files** <br/>
https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/user_guide/#requirements-files

**pyproject.toml dependencies/requirement equivalent (requirements.txt )explanation** <br/>
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/62408719/download-dependencies-declared-in-pyproject-toml-using-pip

So requrement.txt files are for concrete dependencies; meaning exactly which package and what version. Ex: python == 3.10

pyproject.toml is for abtract dependencies; meaning it uses version specifiers to allow for different versions to be used. Ex: python > 3.9

**Conda vs Pip** <br/>
https://www.anaconda.com/blog/understanding-conda-and-pip

**For uv (ultraviolet/better pip)**<br/>
I advise against using uv because it creates venv environments and adds uneeded complexity if you're already using conda. Conda is a MUST for this project.
- https://pydevtools.com/handbook/reference/uv/
- https://medium.com/@datagumshoe/using-uv-and-conda-together-effectively-a-fast-flexible-workflow-d046aff622f0
